add Week 9 Part time schedule (#26)
Qala-Dev/course-materials: part-time-schedule/week-9.md

# Week 8

## Primary focus

This week the primary focus will be on Open Source Projects.

### Monday

We will start the week by having a Contributing Etiquette Workshop that will prepare us on how to 
contribute to Open Source Projects. It will also look at polishing our Projects on Github 

> covering Readme, Licence, Contribution guidelines amongst others.

Reviewer: I think we expected to have them done with the GitHub and project polishing with the extra time they received last week.

Author: yes, most of them did. Not sure it's all of them. I will take it out then.

##### Design Document

> After the workshop, you are expected to identify a project to work on alongside specific issues, design 
> and submit a Document for approval before proceeding to start making contributions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the workshop, you are expected to identify a project to work on alongside specific issues, design 
and submit a document for approval describing the issue and why you want to work on it and how you feel that your skills are suited to it.

You must complete the design document and have it approved *before* proceeding with any contributions. 
```
